[Music]
my idea of indulgent comfort
is a rich citron tart
i've made my sweet short crust pastry
but you can buy
some bready made if you want to if you
find it difficult to roll it round the
rolling pin
get the base of your
sandwich tin slip it underneath
and then to transport it just pull that
forward and you no
fear of it cracking
[Music]
lift up the edges gently pressing the
pastry
into the tin
[Music]
i'm now going to prick the base because
if i don't it
domes up and i wouldn't get my filling
in
blind bake the pastry for 15 minutes at
180 fan
then without the beans for a further
five
there it is just as i wanted it to be
all
crispy around the outside pale golden
and beautifully cooked
pastries cooling and now i'm going to
make the lemon posit filling
which is to die for in goes the cream
double pouring cream nothing but the
best
150 grams of caster sugar
and then the zest of three lemons
and just stir until the sugar has
dissolved
my tip is to let the lemon cream cool
slightly before
adding some lemon juice to stop it
curdling
and the lemon juice has a magic setting
quality
you don't need any gelatin you don't
need any corn flour
it's just the lemons that make it set
and you can actually see it's beginning
to thicken
like magic
[Music]
chill in the fridge for a minimum four
hours but ideally
overnight
look at that perfect set
let's hope if i push that down it'll
come off
it did didn't it
for a finishing touch some sweet autumn
bliss raspberries will work a treat
that is pure lemon indulgence happiness
on a plate
[Music]
you